Senior Software Engineer, Actions
United States
Engineering
Experienced Professional
Individual Contributor
Yes
4455
Full Time
mail_outline
Get future jobs matching this search

or
Job Description
About GitHub

As the global home for all developers, GitHub is the complete AI-powered developer platform to build, scale, and deliver secure software. Over 150+ million developers, including more than 90% of the Fortune 100 companies, use GitHub to collaborate and experiment across 420+ million repositories. With all the collaborative features of GitHub, it has never been easier for individuals and teams to write faster, better code.

Locations

In this role you can work from Remote, United States

Overview

GitHub Actions is looking for a great Senior Software Engineer to join our team! 

 

Actions powers automation for millions of developers worldwide, enabling them to build, test, and deploy code directly from their repositories. As the backbone of CI/CD workflows across GitHub, Actions processes billions of jobs monthly - from simple builds to complex deployment pipelines spanning multiple environments. Our Hosted Compute team builds services and infrastructure that enable those jobs to run on ephemeral Linux, Mac, and Windows runners reliably, securely, and starting in seconds. We're a group of engineers passionate about developer productivity, tackling challenges in distributed systems, container orchestration, and cloud infrastructure. You'll work alongside talented colleagues who value collaboration, operational excellence, and building products that developers love.

 

We are looking for creative problem solvers and diverse thinkers, people who care about culture as well as customers and features. We believe that how we do things is as important as what we do. Big vision, a common purpose, passion for quality, curiosity, dedication, and investment in fun and collaboration are what lead to great results. Great products reflect the teams that build them.

 


Responsibilities

Design, develop, test and ship high-quality technical solutions that scale across multiple GitHub services.

Collaborate with cross-functional teams to define and implement innovative solutions.

Provide technical leadership, mentorship, pairing opportunities, and code reviews to encourage the growth of others.

Own and advocate for the health and quality of the systems that the team builds, including participating in on-call and first responder rotations

Write architecture briefs and proposals, carry out code experiments, and build prototypes to learn how we can achieve planetary scale with our systems.

Design and implement APIs to facilitate seamless integration between software components.

Utilize CI/CD tools to set up automated pipelines for continuous integration and delivery.

Become intimately familiar with the systems you build and take pride in writing maintainable code.

 


Qualifications

Required Qualifications:

6+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python

OR Associate’s Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 5+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python

 OR Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 4+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python 

OR Master's Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related field AND 2+ years experience in Software Engineering, Computer Science, or related technical discipline with proven experience maintaining and delivering production software coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, Go, Ruby, Rust, or Python

OR Doctorate in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Math, Physics, Computer Engineering, Computer Science, or related fie

OR equivalent experience.

2+ years experience developing and operating large-scale services or infrastructure

 

Preferred Qualifications:

2+ years experience in one or more scripting languages (e.g., Bash, Python, or a similar language)

2+ years experience using general purpose programming languages (e.g., Go, Ruby, or a similar language).

3+ years experience with cloud environments and/or Cloud Native Compute Foundation (CNCF) concepts.

Experience with MacOS or iOS development

 


Compensation Range

The base salary range for this job is USD $112,800.00 - USD $299,300.00 /Yr.

These pay ranges are intended to cover roles based across the United States. An individual's base pay depends on various factors including geographical location and review of experience, knowledge, skills, abilities of the applicant. At GitHub certain roles are eligible for benefits and additional rewards, including annual bonus and stock. These rewards are allocated based on individual impact in role. In addition, certain roles also have the opportunity to earn sales incentives based on revenue or utilization, depending on the terms of the plan and the employee's role.
GitHub values

Customer-obsessed
Ship to learn
Growth mindset
Own the outcome
Better together
Diverse and inclusive
Manager fundamentals

Model
Coach
Care
Leadership principles

Create clarity
Generate energy
Deliver success

Who We Are

GitHub is the world’s leading AI-powered developer platform with 150 million developers and counting. We’re also home to the biggest open-source community on earth (and 99% of the world’s software has open-source code in its DNA). Many of the apps and programs you use every day are built on GitHub.
Our teams are dreamers, doers, and pioneers, leading the way in AI, driving humanitarian efforts around the globe, and even sending open source to Mars (and beyond!). At GitHub, our goal is to create the space you need to do your best work. We’re remote-first and offer competitive pay, generous learning and growth opportunities, and excellent benefits to support you, wherever you are—because we know that people flourish when they can work on their own terms.
Join us, and let’s change the world, together.

EEO Statement

GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!